You are Tran Thanh Van.
Against me for a psychopath.
Young master, we have found the Dragon Wings and Dragon Cloak of the Five Great Kings.
A female dragon is enough for the White Prince to treat me with contempt
Now I found the dragon's cloak.
Tran Thanh Ngoc
He's celebrating tomorrow.
Otherwise, life is not equal to death.
Haha ha, Master Liang is very generous.
With the throne of Kowloon and the robe of the White Dragon of the Five Great Kings.
The White Prince will be delighted.
Ha ha ha
Luong Gia not only together with director Tran Tinh Ngoc received the amount of film investment worth 10 billion.
Now give insurance to the White Prince.
Looks like the Luong family is in Dong Hai
On top of the East Sea
It's almost there, haha.
Young master Yang, I have an unemotional invitation.
I don't know whether to say or not, I heard that this new drama of Tran Tinh Ngoc Tran director has not been selected yet.
Look at me.
Liu San is the only Uranus star in the Dragon Kingdom.
If he wants to be the boss.
Who can beat him?
If he opens his mouth, I will follow him.
Do him a favor.
Son ca is joking.
As a leading galaxy in the Dragon Kingdom, you are the best candidate.
Not you.
Master
Really.
This Tran director is an internationally renowned director.
The world-class movie queen, he's collaborated time and time again.
If I could join this play
I'll definitely get an Oscar or something.
Your salary is lacking.
I can't forget.
I thought you were a mental patient.
I can't wait to see the castle.
This is the First Emperor of Heaven.
Military strategy.
Holding flags, calligraphy and sunny painting
It is difficult to play a small actor.
Two words of praise, did you call me to tell you?
This store will not listen to you later.
But they're all adults.
We need to narrow down this store.
You know that.
Young master.
Look.
Young Master Yang, you know him.
Of course.
Is Dong Hai the famous Qin Grand Prince Qin Xiao?
Hundreds of billions of properties were imported overnight.
Ruined the family.
Even the old Qin family was killed by him.
Then.
He's completely crazy.
Probably escaped from some mental hospital.
What mental patient?
Young Master Liang, I will protect the guards and kick him out.
Our party is not something that a Mao can have tea on.
Security.
How long are your eyes?
How does a psychopath get in?